Create install-ubuntu-2004.rst (#3867)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-ubuntu-2004.rst

.. _install-ubuntu-2004:

=========================================
Installing Mattermost on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
=========================================

> Install a production-ready Mattermost system on 1 to 3 machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install a production-ready Mattermost system on up to three machines.
```

Reviewer: Out of scope of this PR: I'm not sure whether "machines" is a good term to use. I am 3/5 for using "servers". @jasonblais, thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I'm 0/5 as well, but is the terminology used in other install guides.

Reviewer: I think best to leave as-is for now then. I'll note it down as something to consider adjusting in future. Thanks!

.. include:: install-common-intro.rst

.. contents:: Install and configure the components in the following order. Note that you need only one database, either MySQL or PostgreSQL.
  :backlinks: top
  :local:

.. include:: install-ubuntu-2004-server.rst
.. include:: install-ubuntu-2004-mysql.rst
.. include:: install-ubuntu-2004-postgresql.rst

> .. include:: install-ubuntu-1804-mattermost.rst

Reviewer 2: Is the Ubuntu-1804-mattermost guide the same as for Ubuntu 20.04?

Author: @jasonblais I checked two different articles before starting so yeah they are quite similar
